I want to build a daily work, task, calendar, goal and financial organizer. It should contain all the features that a full personal and professional organizer does, but include at least these seven features below.
Apply a light and dark mode toggle button. Make it modern Extract and apply the main colors and accent highlights from n8n.io. Fonts & Sizing: Use the same geometric/grotesque look—n8n uses Geomanist for headlines and a clean sans-serif for body Animations: Mimic smooth fade-ins, sliding text, subtle scaling, button hover effects, etc. Modern UI: Add glassmorphism, shadow, and gradient details—just like n8n.io landing sections. Functionality: Ensure accessibility and responsive behaviors are preserved or improved.
1- the main place to focus in on the daily work page. This is the page that gives the user a breakdown of all that is to be completed and allows them to organize their day. It should contain a summarized hourly calendar on the left, a to do list on the right and the hability to drag and drop item from the calendar and the to do list into a daily houlrly plan in the center. For example a meeting in the calendar from the left, if dragged into the center to the daily plan and fullfill the same hours as it did in the calendar. An item from the "to-do" list, such as "fix the coffee machine" can be dragged from the right in to the center and the user can determine the start and end time by dragging the size of the box up and down. Meetings and tasks need a check box to be checked as completed. At the top of the page it should say DAILY PLAN and have a progress bar that goes from 0 to 100% as you complete your meetings and check off the items you have decided to add to your to do for the day. Item that are not finished will roll over to tomorrow. The should be a way to create new meetings and create new to dos quickly on the daily work page. Save the page for the day and allow scroll back and scroll forward like a book. Animate date changes like a page flipping.
2- a calendar page that will integrate and sync with google calendar (Accept data from) and load appointments to google calendar.
3- a to do list page that will allow the user to create and manage master and sub lists, dividing them into projects or subjects.
4- finally the app needs a password tracker page where the user can list for example the app, the site and the password that he or she assigned for that app
5- there must be a goal or habit tracker page where the user lists the items they want to do with one column for every day of the month. At the end of the day, they click on the day and can toggle between a set of icons that the user can define below in the legend. The legend at the bottom should be editable and allow for the user to update icons and text. Pre porpulate with a few common examples such as a green check box for "Completed" a red "X" for "Not Completed" a dash for "not scheduled" a cicle for whatever user defined reason they want to type.
6- full financial tracker and dashbaord to keep track of income, expenses, savings. Allow for the creation of multiple checking and savings accounts. create a goal page here as well with a time and plan to save towards that goal (Example - buy a car, set the price and allocate ammounts towards that goal every week).
7- create a health tracker, but allow for scoring and working on different types of healthy beyond the physical. We must include track and motivate the user to enchance their other healths: 1 Spiritual (you with your God/Universe) 2- Mental (you with your mind) 3- Social (you with other people - family, friends, community, work people) 4- Physical (you with your body) 5- Financial (you with your resources and the ability to go up the Maslow Pyramid) Allow a monthly scoring from 1-10 on each of these healths and track how the scores move over time and allow for notes on why the score for each section.
